psalm 118 o give thanks to the Lord for
he is good for his mercy endures forever
let Israel now say his mercy endures
forever let the house of Aaron now say
its mercy endures forever let those who
fear the Lord now say his mercy endures
forever I called on the Lord in distress
the Lord answered me and set me in a
broad place the Lord is on my side I
will not fear what can man do to me the
Lord is for me among those who help me
therefore I shall see my desire on those
who hate me it is better to trust in the
Lord and to put confidence in man it is
better to trust in the Lord than to put
confidence in Princes all nations
surrounded me but in the name of the
Lord I will destroy them they surrounded
me yes they surrounded me but in the
name of the Lord I will destroy them
they surrounded me like bees they were
quenched like a fire of thorns or in the
name of the Lord I will destroy them you
pushed me violently that I might fall
but the Lord helped me the Lord is my
strength and song he has become my
salvation the voice of rejoicing and
salvation is in the tents of the
righteous the right hand of the Lord
does valiantly the right hand of the
Lord is exalted the right hand of the
Lord does valiantly I shall not die but
live and declare the works of the Lord
the Lord has chastened means severely
but he has not given me over to death
open to me the gates of righteousness I
will go through them and I will praise
the Lord this is the gate of the Lord
through which the righteous shall enter
I will praise you for you have answered
me and have become my salvation the
stone which the builders rejected has
become the chief Cornerstone
this was the Lord's doing it is
marvelous in our eyes this is the day
the Lord has made we will rejoice and be
glad in it save now I pray O Lord O Lord
I pray send now prosperity blessed is he
who comes in the name of the Lord we
have blessed you from the house of the
Lord God is the Lord and He has given us
light bind the sacrifice with cords to
the horns of the altar you are my god
and I will praise you you are my god I
will exalt you ho give thanks to the
Lord for he is good for his mercy
endures forever
[Music]